What does Kadyrov have to do with it? Kadyrov does not control the
air defense systems located in Chechnya.
Who
controls it? The Russian Federation, damn, is on
the territory of Chechnya. The Russian Federation does not
operate there. There is Padishah Kadyrov.
He is the head of everything. Who said that? Yes, who? Well,
who controls who is the commander of the troops in
Chechnya? Oh, Hello, Hello,
listen. I have  I have a question for you What
happened
to
the flights from Azerbaijan
Turkmenistan Kazakhstan United Arab
Emirates I understand I understand your question What
happened to this plane not to the flights
Well, honestly I can't I'm not this
same thing I'm not an expert there I can't do anything but
I can say  my opinion Yes, yes, I'm
interested in your opinion, well, yes, but my
opinion is apparently, well, he was flying to
Grozny There was a drone there Well,
most likely, by mistake, the air defense shot it down, that's clear,
that's all clear to everyone, the question is why was he
sent all the way across the Caspian to Kazakhstan Well,
maybe  no I don't know why
they sent him maybe he couldn't sit down Well
you know when you have to
refuse Well all these same Well that
is he could fly somehow well
I don't know, here's
the question, look, I The thing is that I
graduated from the Flight Academy Yes, I'm
a flight attendant, I didn't graduate from the Flight
Academy I don't know That is, when
three hydraulic systems fail, there's the Green,
Red and
Orange, and well, like  well you have to keep
the plane in the air they tried to
keep it I am a flight attendant by profession for
civil aircraft Yes I have 18 years of
practice after a year a flight attendant is not
a pilot right Yes yes Well I know these We
also look at the fact that if there is
an accident it sends to the nearest airfield
question Why  you didn't send an airfield to
Ingushetia, a magician for 80K tried to
send there was fog and he couldn't
land there I don't know why he flew across the
sea there to Aktau I don't know why but
my opinion let's say my opinion what's
going on
here Nobody  doubts main intrigue
Why from airports Makhachkala store
back to Baku Vladikav probably Well probably
he couldn't land there Well for technical
reasons Probably if he could
land there he would  would have sat down correctly The thing is
that in Russia to Aktau you have to
fly across the entire Caspian Sea so yes it is the Caspian Sea
there is a 300 km flight yes that is within a
radius of 300 km in Russia there were a lot of airfields
why didn't they send him somewhere to a
Russian airfield I don't know  I
don't have an answer to this question, it's just not
clear at all, look from
Azerbaijan to Russia to Grozny Yes, they
sent us We wanted to remove him from
ourselves, to take away the unit Well, in
principle, and so on Pony Well, as they
say, yes, those who succeed in
sending him with hope  what about
this what what what it will fall over the Caspian fell
not on our territory like so that it would fall
into the water they wanted it to fall in the Caspian and
that's it and the ends in the water
Yes why not that's in principle Well most
likely it was clear No I don't think that
that's how it was I think that's how it was that well there
there in fact there in
principle the crew commander makes the
decision where to fly to in the
end Probably I don't know Well maybe he
thought that I'll fly there here
I won't land because  there I don't know
Here went an attack Drones from the Ukrainian
side began to work Air defense Air defense worked
there and accidentally hooked and you understand
if it had been
completely it would have fallen right away I understand
that well hooked accidentally there well with shrapnel
there well maybe they were hitting
some kind of drone I
I really don't know how it all happened, I
think yes, well, it could have been hit
by shrapnel, most likely, their
elevators failed completely there, and
you know when the elevator fails there,
well, well, the plane Oops,
that is, they think, well, we're still
some kind of-  we'll stay in the air for a while there,
that's the same thing in Grozny, you can't land
because there's a huge wagon there, stupid fog
Well, we'll go there, let's go there, it seems like Well,
they had time to
go there, then uh Well, it's gone, the plane
just stopped being controlled Well, I
no No, well, that's my opinion, but I don't know how it
really was Well, the fact that they hooked, that they
hooked the air defense, well, that's most likely for
sure Well, the fact that the guys hooked, that's
this, well, that Well, it seems to me that  this is the most well such version Well, you understand, not on purpose Well, it happens, that is, no one wanted Well, yes, there is slag drones coming to Kyiv here we have an airport not closed unfortunately there was no closed airport Unfortunately Although Well, well, they hooked Well, most likely so there it is very difficult to calculate there Drone flight plane back and forth this No I think most likely it is according to Well yes Well good Well that's how Well that's how it happened we excuse me Well yes Well people died agree well that's how it happened about where they aimed at it -then there because if they shot him down right away, that is, well, somewhere, that is, roughly speaking, the missile fired there, well, far from him, and they hit him there. Well, that's my opinion. Well, my opinion, let's say, let's say, it's not an opinion. Well, and what and what now because of this here inflate the Armed Forces eh of course people died yes people die in war Well everything is clear Well yes I will say a jamb a jamb of our air defense everything in general in principle in general in principle if Excuse me drones fly there to the Grozny airport this in principle was necessary close this airport
airport a long time ago because
many of our airports are
closed Well, that's all and there Well, they
thought that in Grozny, well, it's
fine Well, now Now, probably, they'll
close this airport, well, there's a war going on
Well, what did you
want, that's my opinion and  what do you
want
tell me
yours in my opinion you have nothing to say Well
as if you wanted but you were told so well well
that's not really
necessary Yeah
Okay I'll wait until If you want to
talk well or
run away Why did you knock him down Well I  I'll
explain it to you by
mistake, you see, there is a mistake, just
other drones fly in and just
by
mistake, not on purpose, just
happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time and
by mistake something like that flew in there, mistakes
happen, you see, no one is immune from mistakes
Well, something like that  he
said everything This is my opinion this is not
This is my
opinion in my opinion by
mistake When the Iranian Boeing was shot down, what did you
say and what do you not remember And you dont
know in the seventies when you
shot down the Iranian Boeing and they
even  they didn't apologize for that Scan, they shot down
their ship, God, what's
wrong with that? There were 30 people on
board, no, yes, there were, you can
check that, let's not do that,
people died here.
No questions at all.
Hang out. I'm saying by the way, Putin,
he, he, he called Aliyev today and apologized
for  this
incident So Well Well what to
talk about so Putin did not admit that you
shot down he said we apologize for the incident in
our airspace he did not
admit he did not admit look he did not
admit he apologized in advance Well But it
turns out that you apologized then
in fact he
admitted Well  it was not said Well,
in fact, well, damn, yes, the air defense worked and,
and most importantly, the air defense most likely did
not work on it because if it worked on
the Boeing, well, on the Embraer, it would have fallen, it would have
immediately
worked differently on another object,
and, roughly speaking, well, fragments  they hit it
and that's why it circled for another hour,
you know, if the air defense had been working on
it, it would have fallen
right away, but the thing is that it was working
on another object, but it collapsed, the shrapnel
hit it, and then it tried
something to survive well yes tried
half of the people were saved excuse
me yes but there is my classmate
flew on this plane he worked in Azerbaijan
here is Sanya Prokhorov my
classmate died near the pilots sat in the
first rows yes died and what
happens now his mom says you mom
says  for what his
Kadyrov San Prokhorov he is
worthy of the dead Well, well, you can't
bring back the dead anymore How much can be a
worthy compensation for Sanya
my classmate I don't know how much
it can be really I don't know how much
it can be how much they will
determine Well, you see what the matter is nobody
this  I didn't want to but it happened that's
it it happened that's it all that is yes
during Sorry
there are Ukrainians there these when drones
there well so that
pogora Well yes it turned out that well roughly
speaking maybe an
air defense error What to do with it now I think well
with  this is just a matter of paying compensation to the
dead you can't get them back you really can't
get them back Well yes Sanya Prokhorov is already
dead we sat at the same desk with him
if the commission comes  to the conclusion yes
What Well yes in fact there
are no conclusions yet I say yes the conclusions are already
clear the conclusions Kadyrov's son Adam
Kadyrov gave air defense Kadyrov's son gave
drones this one took and banged
I say again What does Kadyrov have to do with it Kadyrov does not
control the air defense system lo chene And who  the
Russian Federation rules damn on
the territory of Chechnya the Russian Federation does not
operate there is padishah Kadyrov there
he is the head of everything Who said Yes who Okay
Who rules who is the commander of the troops in
Chechnya I say again Chechnya is
part of the Russian Federation right and
Kadyrov rules there if not who are the
troops what in  Chechnya's air defense forces are
generally in principle subordinate to Russia
in no way to Chechnya And how do you know this? How do you know this?
I know for sure. I know for sure
that they are not subordinated. No, they are not subordinated. The air
defense forces are not subordinated to the Chechen
command in any way. They
subordinated the Air Defense Command of
the Ministry of Defense. Sorry, Russian Federation.
if this was a mistake then it was not
Kadyrov's mistake, that's absolutely certain
Why not Kadyrov's Why  you are
making excuses for him because the
air defense forces do not obey him, in
principle, in Russia the Armed Forces
obey Kadyrov Well, who told you that? I am
telling you that you are all afraid of
Kadyrov. Well, we all dont
understand Kadyrov. You seem to be a smart person. Well, well, well, well,
well  yes ok Okay everything with the
plane I understand Second second question What is
going on there that a bunch of people
come and set fire to ATMs, post
offices, launch fireworks in shopping centers What
happened to you
How Well, a and Listen, is this nothing to you
that these are really such acts yes
Well, apparently something-  then they are somehow
influenced and they go crazy And how does
someone influence them and not go crazy
Well, I think that
some bad people and I think that
good, that is, good people can
make a person
go  in Russia dar
is bad these are bad people and in Russia
good are bad and in na good Well that is it
Yes
Well the question is the question Where is your FSB looking
that this is so
widespread This is the question of the FSB where is it looking
but nevertheless there you know it is not so
there was a lot there, a lot,
I think it's their problem. They won't
figure it out, the principals. I think it won't
create some kind of nasty resonance, and
I think the authorities will figure it out. How do you
feel about the video that was released in
Russia, where the air defense shoots down Santa Claus, a
civilian. I haven't
seen this and I don't even  you know about this I know
him I treat what Here recently
our ship was sunk in the Mediterranean Sea
you probably heard yes Well you see Well you see
Well you are following the Russian
ship No Eh well this well let's say again
I am not the ultimate truth
Yeah  I don't know what
Mr. Putin will do there, what else will they
say about this, well, my opinion is that
if
suddenly British ships start sinking all over the world,
well, it's
completely by accident, well, maybe
and maybe this will happen,
you know  Well if Well this is purely my
opinion so I don't want to say anything And
if they start to sink
and Let's look I can't watch
watch The thing is that I see that you are
British and with us Americans  we wash
tankers in the Kerch Strait you near
Spain near Gibraltar this is your ship
and yesterday by the hands of our Estonian oh
Finnish Puppets Yes they towed your
tanker another one was arrested everything And what
will you do nothing Yes nothing we will not do anything for
now you understand nothing Yes yes you understand
Russia it is for the time being  time nothing
matters And then when something starts
to happen Well then it starts a and it
happens No we are very patient people
then
patient
patient I can't do anything
then it happens These are the things Well
British tankers will start to sink suddenly
by accident Well no one there it's not I'm very much on
this
I hope Well, we'll see Oh, Lord, well
, well, well You can consider this your
victory Well done Yes, yes, that is, yes, you,
as if those Well, you
achieve some of your goals Well, here There are no questions, yes, here,
yes You can shout victory, victory
and Yes, well, well  The thing is that you know
what the matter is, such things are usually a
double-edged sword and usually you
get into trouble for all of this. Well, we'll see. And when will
she
It will arrive in 3 years already, the British are mocking you in a year, maybe in 10, maybe in 20, we cant know, well, you understand whats the matter, the Ukrainian state is currently suffering from a disaster, right now you are giving us this very thing, Britain can arrive in 20 years and this is in the Ukrainian state I I think in the fifth year the Tsar will come But you said this back in the twenty-second year We didn't say this Kyiv in 3 days no one said anything VM year keep talking a little bit more then with Boris Johnson they decided to fight with us It was clear that it was far and for a long time all this was clear You understand right away You probably didn't watch Putin's speech last time he with if you know I would have done Nagora didn't take into account didn't doul didn't calculate What is it And what What is it that Putin is constantly being deceived by the Anglo-Saxons no one is immune from mistakes but the point is the question the question is who will win in the end and that's it there are no questions we will win for you know you understand Russian I understand with me  you communicate very well
So here's why, to understand what will happen,
read
Pushkin's poem called "To the slanderers of Russia",
read it, everything will become clear to you
about the fisherman and the goldfish, how the old woman
was left at the broken roof, this old woman
is Russia, she wanted more, more,
more, and then  nothing
everything everything Let's go
So let's like squeak comment subscribe
to my Telegram right now axis win and
popk this is very and very important you are busy with us
through srr in your ban and very many videos I
don't show people sometimes I don't show
information about streams That's why
we Mali operational links are written
right now and while there is a telegram okm
video there is also interesting and useful information
and we will help you with operational links
in the future and show you about this
YouTube Glory to Ukraine write